Me too.
Sister, how are you?
Why are your eyes red?
Are these clothes tattered anyway?
My wounds don't have much love
The next thing is more important.
Please take me to Li's house first.
Newspaper store owner
The plan to kill the dragon failed.
You can't completely eliminate Lee.
What's going on?
This person doesn't know what tricks to use to get the recording of the backup plan of our dragon slaying plan.
Making all the plans we had carefully prepared took my time.
It's no shame that the building meets the gods.
Bach Hac Nguyen Quan
Even when you're in a death situation.
You can escape.
Turn the switch.
The original plan was if King Quang Lang did not believe the enemy was to assassinate the princess.
We turned around and let the White Army report.
Let him deal with the king of Quang Lang.
I can't believe the White Deer Army is recording.
This side method terrorism
Everything can stay.
Please rest assured the store owner.
Even though he has a genius.
But the man at the white deer party, he was forced by Quang Lang king to spend all the family's money.
It's no longer a threat to us.
Now Egret International has become derelict.
The heroes will surely gain control of Egret International.
Three days later at the top of the continent.
I will definitely let the world of the Inhuman Trac family support me to successfully take over the Egret International.
At that time, the Daxia economy will belong to our food country.